Doctor, how is my dad?
Your dad is very sick
There's nothing left to do. Prepare for the funeral
Ah dad
Doctor I beg you
Please help me
There's nothing I can do.
To save your dad
Only by finding the pulp of the ginkgo of the living dead
Only then can Doctor Fang come back to life
Doctor Fang's father had asked him for treatment once before
Then help me invite him over
Miss Li, it's not that I won't help you.
It's just Doctor Fang, he's elusive
elusive
Can't find him at all
Even if I find a pillow towel that doesn't impress him
He's not going to help.
Don't worry, I can cure my uncle's illness.
Where did the madman come from?
You can still heal
When are you still talking big?
Don't worry.
Even if you come back to life
Not a problem
Cure your neuropathy first
It's whimsical
Dr. Wang is right
People like you are whimsical
Chuda long time no see